RHDEVDOCS-2587 Bug 1810904 - [DOC]Should document how to configure pu… (#48456)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/working-with-mirrored-images.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * builds/creating-build-inputs.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT

[id="working-with-mirrored-images_{context}"]
= Configuring pull secrets for mirror registry

If run a build that pulls an image from a mirrored registry and get a `build error: failed to pull image` message, you can resolve the error either of the following methods:

> * Set the pull secret on the build config object.
> * Create a secret containing auth credentials for the builder image’s repository and all known mirrors. In this case, create a pull secret for creds to docker.io and its mirrors.

Reviewer: I would flip the order here - create the secret, then reference the secret in the BuildConfig:

```suggestion
* Create a secret containing auth credentials for the builder image’s repository and all known mirrors. In this case, create a pull secret for creds to docker.io and its mirrors.
* Use this secret as the pull secret on the build config object.

```

Author: Updated. Thanks.
